[Music]
if you do this every night your face
will look younger how many times have
you felt too lazy to wash off your
makeup before going to bed if you avoid
this nighttime ritual you should know
that leaving your makeup on overnight
brings more harm than you can imagine
here is a list of the 8 most important
reasons why you should always wash off
your makeup
what's till the end to learn why this
simple rule is so important than the
fight against the most annoying problem
acne you'll be surprised how easily and
quickly it works
8 delaying the aging process no it's not
a myth scientists have proven that your
skin regenerates itself every night if
it's not clean it will age more quickly
you won't be able to avoid flaccidity
and premature wrinkles will appear
sooner than you think
spend a couple of minutes on this
nighttime routine to stay young and
beautiful trust us it's so worth it 7
nourishing your face skin cells
regenerate faster at night and you can
help your skin with this process remove
makeup and then apply a moisturizer with
antioxidants there's nothing better than
going to bed with a clean refreshed face
also remember that using high quality
makeup is vital for your skin to be
healthy poor quality makeup can damage
your skin and lead to serious problems 6
fighting allergies your skin may be
prone to allergic reactions even if
you've never noticed any visible
symptoms sleeping in your makeup can
cause eczema and other serious health
problems now the symptoms don't appear
immediately but if you don't remove your
makeup before sleep you'll soon notice
redness burning and itching
five avoiding skin pigmentation have you
ever noticed those dark spots on the
face that some women can't cover up even
with the best base available the
appearance of such spots isn't always
related a frequent sun exposure or the
aging process they can be the
consequences of chronic allergic
reactions if you don't clean your skin
properly wearing your makeup overnight
can cause some serious pigmentation
disorders for keeping your lips hydrated
if you think that there's no lipstick
left on your lips by the time you go to
bed you're wrong even if you don't see
it lip gloss and lipstick continue to
dehydrate the delicate skin and
eventually lead to dry and chapped lips
3 preventing bags under your eyes if you
often leave your makeup on the skin
under your eyes will soon become darker
in other words dark puffy circles and
bags under the eyes are on their way
it's easy to tell if you did or did not
wash off your makeup the night before
your eyes and the area around them won't
look healthy and fresh - preventing your
eyelashes from falling out never leave
your mascara on when you go to bed
it dries overnight and causes your
lashes to fall out your eyelids become
irritated and swollen we recommend that
you use a non waterproof mascara that's
easy to wash off always remove mascara
with a cotton pad using gentle downward
swipes never use circular motions as
they can break your eyelashes and make
them fall out 1 preventing acne now if
you think this problem occurs only in
teenagers you couldn't be more wrong in
fact acne can make a comeback if you
don't wash your face clogged pores
usually lead to pimples and inflammation
if you suffer or have suffered from acne
use special non oily makeup and micellar
water to wash it off which beauty
secrets help you stay gorgeous share
them in the comments below and don't
forget to hit the like button and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]